hey guys i'm finally back with another
video this is the gemini 200 flight 1549
US airways a320 and this is just awesome
this is my dad's model um but this is an
awesome model um it goes for about 70
bucks or you know they sold for about so
many bucks off a Gemini however I'm not
going to tell you where but I got this
for 35 um so I'm not going to tell you
where unless I reach I'll tell you where
you can get this if I reach 50
subscribers that's not a huge huge goal
um I'm actually I will release their
name of the airport I spot at to
everyone if I get to 200 subscribers but
if I get to 50 / I'll tell you guys
where I got this but anyway so you can
see unlike the normal Gemini packaging
it has the model up here and it the the
entire story of this basically tells you
all of this I'm not going to sit here
and let you guys read it so if you
really want to read it just pause the
video right now and or you can just look
it up so um this is you know all the
people working on it US airways through
20 ma no one everything Gemini bought
the ball you know all that stuff and
then on the back the generic stuff 2010
so without further ado the inbox so let
me show you this is like a normal box
design so what's up basically you got
here a special like credit card material
thing and it tells you on this it's
really hard to see but you can see right
here that it has let me set this down
show you guys it has the names of the
people who worked on there and this is
the actual number of the model is 1370
of 1549 and they released however many
model they released the same amount as
the arm flight so there's 1549 models
released and this is 1370
so this has all the people working for
their it's like a credit card kind of
things nice and then basically the
entire story of it so that is a really
nice thing and this is not like a real
good unboxing because this is my dad's
and I haven't been able to make it the
video yet so I don't know if this
doesn't has all the original packaging
and I believe that already has the
wheels in it like some of the larger
models and put wheels on it but this one
I think it already has the wheels so
here's the model be real careful with it
you can see it's really detailed on the
wheels it feels so soft um and it has
you know in 10 on everything it leans
back pretty easy go that's the only
thing um and it has all the pitot tubes
and everything and more stuff other
pitot tube really nice model it's a 320
but you can see I'll read the
registration even though because of the
famous blame them it's n160 us otherwise
known as flight 1549 bound from going
from LaGuardia Airport in New York for
Charlotte so yeah very nice modern and I
just tell you I am impressed with that I
haven't done a Gemini unboxing for a
while I have like a Ravel reveal I don't
know how you pronounce it and then a
premier planes but this is my first
Gemini for a while so you guys should be
happy especially with such a special
unboxing arm and this is really nice i
recommend this model to everybody like
this is a must-have this is going to be
worth a lot of money because not only
the quality of it like then nose gear
turns it rolls and it feels really
smooth it's just overall really detailed
and then it's also a special model now
um it wouldn't immediately get
popularity or eat Aaron you know
it wouldn't immediately become worth a
whole lot of money because you know for
models this is actually fair amount this
is um this is about you know a thousand
and then you know halfway to 2000 um so
it you know it's i'm just going to round
it so you got about like 1500 models
plus 49 anyway um but that's that's
actually a lot for um the weight models
go you know um there aren't a whole
bunch of like commercial airline
collectors you know there are a lot of
people but the thing I've noticed is
when you go on an unboxing video you're
running to at least three of your
friends um you know if it's like a
commercial airline video you know
whether it's an onboard plane or like an
unboxing or something like that where if
you're just a normal youtuber those
chances you running into a comment from
a friend is very slim but it's a small
world for the commercial airline
fanatics like myself but yeah so this
model I don't think that this that is a
big number for the collectivity and um
but you know in like ten years this
could be worth a lot of money
considering it's more special than any
other Gemini jet I currently have um
because the rest of them are just you
know normal models now update real quick
before I go um I should be getting some
more money soon and I have two models i
may get the United 757-200 in old
library and the world are ways md-11 so
I'm hoping to get those two models that
need change and I have no idea what I'm
going to get them if I do so but that's
not a definite thing or anyway but my
next video I'll let you know so I guess
that's pretty much it so remember what i
said if i reach 200 subscribers
um and I'm not really setting a specific
date but let's just say if I reach 200
subscribers by December 31st I will
release the name of the airport now I
yeah I'm not going to see that because
then I'm not going to get some servers
huh anyway so I believe the fans spin
now is just one thing I was going to say
anyway and if I reach 50 by the but in
the next two months um I'll tell you
where you can get this for really cheap
before they run out but that's only if I
get to 50 subscribers and no one's
subscribing so yeah I guess I'll see you
guys next video